.TH ORCHESTRATE-PARALLEL-AUTONOMOUS-RUNS 1 "2026-07-20" "v0.2.2"
.SH NAME
orchestrate-parallel-autonomous-runs \- validate and coordinate isolated autonomous Spec Kit campaigns
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B orchestrate-parallel-autonomous-runs.sh
-Action ACTION -Manifest PATH [-RunnerConfig PATH] [OPTIONS]
.SH BESCHREIBUNG / DESCRIPTION
Validiert Kampagnenidentitaet, Repositories, Worker-DAG, Runner-Profile und
Konsolidierungsregeln. Start erzeugt je Worker einen Branch und verknuepften
Worktree, fuehrt hoechstens drei Runner gleichzeitig aus und speichert einen
fortsetzbaren Gesamtzustand.
.PP
Validates campaign identity, repositories, worker DAG, runner profiles, and
consolidation policy. Start creates one branch and linked worktree per worker,
executes no more than three runner processes, and stores resumable aggregate
state.
.SH AKTIONEN / ACTIONS
Validate, Start, Status, Stop, Resume, and Consolidate.
.PP
-RunnerConfig is required for Validate, Start, Resume, and Consolidate. Status
and Stop validate campaign identity directly from Manifest and State and do not
require runner configuration.
.SH STATUS
Status supports machine-readable JSON and accessible text with
-OutputFormat Json or -OutputFormat Text.
.SH SICHERHEIT / SAFETY
Runner arguments are passed as an executable argument array without shell
evaluation. Installation grants no autonomous execution or remote authority.
Alternative solutions require human selection. Merge-and-sync requires an
all-ready barrier, provider preflights, resumable merge checkpoints, and
manifest-declared idempotent post-merge actions. Completed is written only
after synchronization and final validation.
.SH SEE ALSO
speckit.parallel-autonomous, speckit.autonomous
